Chen Shaojie, you sent me to prison three years ago
Unexpectedly, it became my opportunity
I came back three years later.
Greet the Lord
Get up.
What are you doing here?
Lord Bing, your return this time
My subordinates specially brought the order of God
And the key to Villa No. 1 in Kyushu
In addition, the Tang family lives in Tang Tianlong
I wanted to give you the perfect match for my granddaughter Tang Miaoying
But he ran away.
So be it.
How about I, Tang Miaoying, promise to marry you?
Don't you want to hand it over?
I promised myself
Did he think that the person he was going to marry was Xiao?
Home wife Xiao Ling oh my god
Exactly.
But the world doesn't know
You are Xiao Lingtian, the wife of the Xiao family.
Now under the pseudonym Ye Longyuan
Three years is not a merit score
Die side by side and hold Tianmen as the Lord of God
Thirty-six people in the four halls of the world
Don't worry about him, how are Lin Qianjiao and the others now?
C God Lord
Back then, you suffered the anger of the Chen family for the Lin family
After being imprisoned, the Lin family has been living a bad life
However, with your support
Now it has become a wealthy family in Smoke City
The Tang family also followed your instructions
Gave the 100 billion project to your wife Lin Qianjiao
That's so great!
You go back and tell Mr. Tang
The Lin Qianjiao he supported is the wife of this king
The king has decided
To seal him as Kunlun Hall and Marquis Wu at the Tianmen Banquet
Fried Kunlun Seal
Understand
But there's nothing to be done in the summer
Why are you coming back this time?
Your family is only famous, and you don't have any clothes.
It must be too much professionalism
Have you been busy?
You go back first, it's alright
Jiajia, don't worry.
I will definitely give you this project.
This time
Thanks to the 100 billion items you pulled from the Galaxy Corporation
Let's take our neighbors to the next level
Hahaha aunt
For pride
This is all what I should do.
Wife
i
Chen Shaojie
What are you doing?